General/General - Popular Books.md, before:

# Popular Screenplay Books

1. "Save the Cat! The Last Book on Screenwriting You'll Ever Need" by Blake Snyder
2. "Story: Substance, Structure, Style, and the Principles of Screenwriting" by Robert McKee
3. "The Screenwriter's Bible: A Complete Guide to Writing, Formatting, and Selling Your Script" by David Trottier
4. "Screenplay: The Foundations of Screenwriting" by Syd Field
5. "Adventures in the Screen Trade: A Personal View of Hollywood and Screenwriting" by William Goldman
6. "Writing Screenplays That Sell" by Michael Hauge
7. "The Anatomy of Story: 22 Steps to Becoming a Master Storyteller" by John Truby
8. "Screenwriting for Dummies" by Laura Schellhardt and John Logan
9. "How to Write a Movie in 21 Days: The Inner Movie Method" by Viki King
10. "The Writers Journey: Mythic Structure for Writers" by Christopher Vogler
11. "The Coffee Break Screenwriter: Writing Your Script Ten Minutes at a Time" by Pilar Alessandra
12. "Your Screenplay Sucks!: 100 Ways to Make It Great" by William M. Akers
13. "Screenwriting Tricks for Authors (and Screenwriters!): STEALING HOLLYWOOD: Story Structure Secrets for Writing Your BEST Book" by Alexandra Sokoloff
14. "Screenwriting Updated: New (and Conventional) Ways of Writing for the Screen" by Linda Aronson
15. "The Hollywood Standard: The Complete and Authoritative Guide to Script Format and Style" by Christopher Riley
16. "The Nutshell Technique: Crack the Secret of Successful Screenwriting" by Jill Chamberlain
17. "Writing Movies for Fun and Profit: How We Made a Billion Dollars at the Box Office and You Can, Too!" by Robert Ben Garant and Thomas Lennon
18. "The Writer's Guide to Wattpad: The Comprehensive Guide to Building and Sustaining a Successful Career" by Benjamin Sobieck and Eva Solarik
19. "The Complete Idiot's Guide to Screenwriting, 2nd Edition" by Skip Press
20. "Writing the Romantic Comedy: The Art and Craft of Writing Screenplays That Sell" by Billy Mernit

---

Commit message:

Update General - Popular Books.md
Signed-off-by: Bryan Harris <bryan@bryanharris.ca>

General/General - Popular Books.md, after:

# Popular Screenplay Books

1. "Save the Cat! The Last Book on Screenwriting You'll Ever Need" by Blake Snyder
2. "Story: Substance, Structure, Style, and the Principles of Screenwriting" by Robert McKee
3. "The Screenwriter's Bible: A Complete Guide to Writing, Formatting, and Selling Your Script" by David Trottier
4. "Screenplay: The Foundations of Screenwriting" by Syd Field
5. "Adventures in the Screen Trade: A Personal View of Hollywood and Screenwriting" by William Goldman
6. "Writing Screenplays That Sell" by Michael Hauge
7. "The Anatomy of Story: 22 Steps to Becoming a Master Storyteller" by John Truby
8. "Screenwriting for Dummies" by Laura Schellhardt and John Logan
9. "How to Write a Movie in 21 Days: The Inner Movie Method" by Viki King
10. "The Writers Journey: Mythic Structure for Writers" by Christopher Vogler
11. "The Coffee Break Screenwriter: Writing Your Script Ten Minutes at a Time" by Pilar Alessandra
12. "Your Screenplay Sucks!: 100 Ways to Make It Great" by William M. Akers
13. "Screenwriting Tricks for Authors (and Screenwriters!): STEALING HOLLYWOOD: Story Structure Secrets for Writing Your BEST Book" by Alexandra Sokoloff
14. "Screenwriting Updated: New (and Conventional) Ways of Writing for the Screen" by Linda Aronson
15. "The Hollywood Standard: The Complete and Authoritative Guide to Script Format and Style" by Christopher Riley
16. "The Nutshell Technique: Crack the Secret of Successful Screenwriting" by Jill Chamberlain
17. "Writing Movies for Fun and Profit: How We Made a Billion Dollars at the Box Office and You Can, Too!" by Robert Ben Garant and Thomas Lennon
18. "The Writer's Guide to Wattpad: The Comprehensive Guide to Building and Sustaining a Successful Career" by Benjamin Sobieck and Eva Solarik
19. "The Complete Idiot's Guide to Screenwriting, 2nd Edition" by Skip Press
20. "Writing the Romantic Comedy: The Art and Craft of Writing Screenplays That Sell" by Billy Mernit

# Popular Sites for Movie Scripts

There are several online resources where you can download screenplays for free. Here are some of them:

- IMSDB (Internet Movie Script Database): http://www.imsdb.com/ - This site is one of the oldest and largest collections of movie scripts available on the internet.

- Simply Scripts: http://www.simplyscripts.com/ - This website offers a wide variety of movie, television, and even radio scripts, as well as some original works by budding screenwriters.

- The Daily Script: http://www.dailyscript.com/ - The Daily Script provides a collection of movie scripts and screenplays to serve as a resource for writers and actors and those who simply enjoy reading movie scripts.

- Script Slug: https://www.scriptslug.com/ - This website offers a large collection of TV and movie scripts.

- AwesomeFilm: http://www.awesomefilm.com/ - This site features a number of scripts, mainly from blockbuster movies.

- Drew's Script-O-Rama: http://www.script-o-rama.com/ - This website has a large selection of scripts, including a mix of drafts and final versions.

Remember to respect copyright and the hard work of the creators when downloading and using screenplays. They're mainly provided for educational purposes.

---
